Lily's top ten lists of your top ten
favorite games top ten favorite games
from such and such a system your top ten
this you top ten that I want to try and
do something that isn't as common and
with a series technically dedicated to
these types of games on this channel I
thought it would be a good idea plus I
really highly enjoy playing flash games
because they're kind of awesome this is
top ten flash games I'm gonna talk to em
flash games I mean my top ten flash
games not technically your top ten flash
games unless you agree with me in which
case awesome let's go number ten
fighter pilot - it's the number ten spot
the side scroller ish dogfighting game
has multiple missions with all kinds of
different styles of targets each round
giving a variety to what you're fighting
as controls are really tight and
satisfying as well you don't feel like
you're crashing for no reason besides
you either got shot down or your own
stupid error it's definitely a must play
number nine I really don't know why this
game is so addicting and fun but it is
cargo bridge is literally just building
bridges for your weird little pig people
to get boxes gold and even elephants
across it's simplistic but highly
addictive number eight a complete
classic played by anybody in a fifth
grade math class Texas technically a
math game but with its randomized maps
huge weapon variety and very difficulty
it becomes a hugely entertaining game as
well
this is kind of a good thing because
most of these math games are pretty
shitty but text is actually really
really fun number seven I couldn't make
this list without this game on it I
don't think anybody else could either I
mean you play as former president george
w bush shooting terrorists in the White
House what's not to love numbers thanks
arcane the armored collector is a weird
beast it has an arena RPG feel with a
large amount of levels challenges and
even boss fights the armor and weapons
you can buy to equip yourself with and
later on your teammates it's really vast
for a flash game
it even has sent MMO style grinding to
afford the newest gear and it's really
addicting as well I highly recommend
checking this out if you're looking
or something free fairly quick to play
and really really fun number five I'm
generally not a fan of tower defense
games but Kenny defense has me hooked it
has a nice very difficulty spectrum a
good amount of buildable structures to
defend with and it's never truly easy it
gives some difficulty even on the easy
settings giving it enough difficulty to
keep you playing but not enough to
completely fuck you over every single
time I highly recommend checking this
out to anybody interested in anything
tower defense at all it's a really cool
free little game number fully raised and
raised - or great arena shooters with
fast paced gameplay power-ups and a
large weapon stockpile the very choice
in arenas game modes and difficulty make
this game shine and it even has a
customizable profile which most flash
games don't have this is definitely a
must play as is most everything on this
list but this game gives it just that
little bit more a little bit more of a
tweak to it and a little bit more of the
feel of an actual game number three the
game Angry Birds based itself on the
hits of number three crush the castle
one and crush the castle two are both
highly entertaining and with the gold
star system and of course create your
own castle system highly replayable if
you enjoy Angry Birds or games like
Angry Birds you should really try this
game out this is the game that
technically started at all and it is
really enjoyable it has really cool
weapons and throwable objects as you get
through the levels about to create your
own castle system and has a really neat
way to show off your creative skills
unlike Angry Birds this is a really cool
game check it out for sure number 2 1066
is a great little strategy game with
some very unique ideas there's loads of
strategies to use units to commands and
you can never play it just once in fact
I don't think you can ever have the same
battle just once it varies it up a lot
and you can never seem to just fight the
same enemy doing the same stuff the
enemies seem to have interesting AI that
actually fights differently each time
you play if you're interested in
strategy games I would definitely check
this one out number one this is a recent
game I played surprise
anyway the first time I played it being
on its let's get flashy debut some
insanity is a wonderful zombie survival
game it has many different weapons traps
power-ups and more as well as a complex
room system that's randomized on each
playthrough it's a fantastic little game
that I can play for hours well that's my
top 10 flash games do you guys have a
list of flash games I'd be really
interested to actually see that because
nobody has a list of their favorite
flash games um there are some that I'm
leaving out as well like and city and
warfare 1917 if I was going to adopt top
20 they would definitely be in it but
hey you can't fit them all thanks for
watching
hey if you liked that video maybe check
out my top 10 games of 2014 or even top
5 sorry and if you don't like to see top
10 top 5 lists low you can go watch my
complemented on the Nintendo
Entertainment System or you can go watch
my reviews series one off Wednesday and
my recent review on Canada hunt and hey
if you really like this video and you
want to leave a like that'd be cool and
if you want to subscribe that'd be even
awesome too if you want to share it
around
I mean hey I'm up for that as well
thanks for watching